>> Steve Kinney: I get that math
pi in there, it'd be cool if I
could grab that out,
I would also make this next test pass.
So we have the ability to call functions,
but what about identifiers?
We just get an identifier, we can't do
anything with it, it doesn't have a value,
right but
it can be associated with a value, right?
And eventually we can define
new identifiers, right?
So cool pi is in there right now, but
we can say like,
define x is like 42,000, right?
And we can add that to the environment,
like be able to add more stuff to there
and be able to look it up later, so
we have something in there, let's be able
to look at, let's learn how to look it up.
And then later on, we'll be able to
add some stuff in there as well.
But if there's any functions that you
wanna put, [LAUGH] we're gonna put
the the ability at the max number
of an array just as an example.
But you can add as many things
that object as you want and
have it available it for
you in the language.
So all right,
we kind of danced around it a little bit,
it's pretty straightforward how
we're going to get something out,
we're in the evaluate function,
we are looking at whatever node we're on.
Hey, if you are a call
expression go ahead, look up,
define us a call expression,
make sure it's a function and
call it, what do you think looking for
an identifier is like?
>> Steve Kinney: It's kinda like
a simple subset of that, right?
We can see that the node is an identifier,
neat go ahead,
look it up in that table and
get me back the result,
it's almost like less of actually
calling a function, right?
So let's kind of talk through it together.
So we definitely know that
we're gonna a check here,
what kind of node type
am I gonna look for?
>> Speaker 2: Identifier.
>> Steve Kinney: Identifier, yep,
so we'll say if the node.type
is == 'identifier' and again,
I might use a helper for
this, go ahead and return.
Well actually,
I could write it in this function, but
I don't want to cuz I care about myself.
So what we'll say is, we'll say let's get
identifier, which we have not written yet.
>> Steve Kinney: With the node, right?
All right, so
what does getIdentifier need to do?
It's not dissimilar from what's happening
here, it's actually just less, right,
what needs to happen?
>> Speaker 3: Just gonna take
the name from the node and
get it from the environment.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, yeah.
>> Steve Kinney: So
let's get identifier given the node,
>> Steve Kinney: If it's in there, right?
Cuz we could just do it and then when they
get undefined and they're very worried or
scared [LAUGH] cuz we can be better
than a certain programing language.
Because also it's like if you trying and
reference a global that will also blow up
in JavaScript,
that will be nice JavaScript.
So if the environment
node name is in there,
return
>> Steve Kinney: Environment [node.name].
So before we made the identifier
you're why does it have a name?
Cuz it's actually more
similar to our expressions,
right than it is to a actual literal.
But if it's not in there,
what should we do?
>> Speaker 4: Throw an error.
>> Steve Kinney: Throw an error,
all right,
one of the fun things about doing all this
is we get the fun throw fun new errors
that we don't normally get to throw.
Let's throw a reference error
yeah [LAUGH] we'll throw
the reference error and
we'll say no.name is not defined.
I, again, have stolen my
nomenclature from JavaScript, but
you could put whatever
you want that you can.
If you wanna have your language
have some attitude, that's fine,
if you only language be very polite,
that's fine too,
you're in control, I'm just not
feeling particularly original.
So now, if it's an identifier, or
an indentifier, spelled it right.
Sometimes when you look at words too much
you start to think they're spelled wrong,
has anyone had that yet?
Because we have a test suite, so
test suite can tell me if I spelled things
wrong, I should unskip the test if
I wanna find out anything, though.
That's the best part about skip test,
is they don't fail,
the worst part about skip
test is that they don't fail.
So we've got the pi in their, and so
I should say that hey, look up pi,
cuz all we're doing is evaluating and our
evaluation function is handling the rest.
This one, it's gonna be your mission
to do in a second, so I'll leave
it there as a teaser, but let's make
sure the test suite passes, all right.
Let's call it mind passes, all right,
here's your mission,
it's trying to call the function max.
Now I know you all were studying
the comprehensive standard library,
but there's no maximum there.
So, you need to add a max function in
there so that somebody can call Max and
if you wanna be a hero,
you can also have min too.
Honestly, you wanna change this test and
make it something else, that's cool too,
but here's an example, we wanna be able to
add something to the standard library kind
of like expand and grow our language.
So your mission is to go
into a standard library,
add a new method on that environment
object, right, that will effectively
be able to be looked up, take all
the arguments and do all the things.
Max is an interesting one cuz it already
has the ability to take a lot of arguments
is actually a little bit easier, but
I'll leave that as an exercise to you and
then we'll come back in a few minutes and
we'll do it together.